APIType.md, before:

All types of structures are defined in __window.T__.

We pass some funtion as parameter sometimes, such as `.map(fn), .forEach(fn), .sort(compare)`... The default `fn` for `.map(fn)` is `x => x`, while the default for comparasion is `(x, y) => x - y`.

## Constructors
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `new T.LinkedList()` || constructs a new linked list ||
|| `new T.Stack()` || constructs a new stack ||
|| `new T.Queue()` || constructs a new queue ||
|| `new T.MaxHeap(): heap` || gets a new max heap. ||
|| `new T.MinHeap(compare): heap` || gets a new min heap. see [APISorting Sorting docs] for `compare` which is used in Dijkstra algorithm ||
|| `new T.QuickFind(n: number): unionfind` || gets a union find by QuickFind algorithm ||
|| `new T.WeightedQuickUnion(n: number): unionfind` || gets a union find by Weighted QuickFind algorithm ||
|| `new T.BinarySearchTree(compare)` || gets a binary search tree with the specific comparasion rule ||
|| `new T.Graph(n: number, directed: bool = false)` || gets a unweighted graph with n vertex, which is undirected by default ||
|| `new T.GraphW(n: number, directed: bool = false)` || gets a weighted graph with n vertex, which is undirected by default ||

## Members
### `LinkedList`
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `size(): number` || the size of the list ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || true when list is empty, otherwise false ||
|| `insert(any, i): void` || insert elem after ith element, basing 0, if i >= length, insert elem at the end of list ||
|| `push(any): void` || insert elem at the end of list ||
|| `reverse(): void` || reverse the lst itself ||
|| `remove(any): void` || remove the first node with elem, if no such node, wo do nothing ||
|| `forEach(x => void): void` || apply the function to each element in 0..n-1 order ||
|| `map(x => any): [any]` ||  get a new array mapped from `x => any` in 0..n-1 order ||
|| `toArray(): []` || get a new array containing each element of list in 0..n-1 order ||

### Stack
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `size(): number` || the size of the list ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || true when list is empty, otherwise false ||
|| `push(any): void` || push item into stack ||
|| `peek(): any` || get the last item from stack, error when empty ||
|| `pop(): any` || get the last item and remove it, error when empty ||
|| `forEach(x => void): void` || apply the function to each element in LIFO order ||
|| `map(x => any): [any]` ||  get a new array mapped from `x => any` in LIFO order ||
|| `toArray(): []` || get a new array containing each element of stack in LIFO order ||

### `Queue`
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `size(): number` || the size of the list ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || true when list is empty, otherwise false ||
|| `enqueue(any): void` || add item into queue ||
|| `peek(): any` || get the first added item from queue, error when empty ||
|| `dequeue(): any` || get the first added item and remove it, error when empty ||
|| `forEach(x => void): void` || apply the function to each element in FIFO order ||
|| `map(x => any): [any]` ||  get a new array mapped from `x => any` in FIFO order ||
|| `toArray(): []` || get a new array containing each element of queue in FIFO order ||

### `Heap`
Usage of `Sorting.MinHeap` is same as `Sorting.MaxHeap`, except the constructor. Notice, there is a pseudo element at `heap[0]` which we might not use.

The reason we do not implement public `forEach`, `map` or `toArray` is that any of these function will destroy the heap.

|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || returns true if there is no real element in heap ||
|| `size(): number` || gets the number of elements in heap ||
|| `push(any): number` || inserts a element into the heap, and gets length of the new heap ||
|| `pop(): any` || gets the max / min element from heap, and remove it, keeping heap sorted ||

### `MinHeap`
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `update(key: x=>boolean, when: x=>boolean, how: x=>void): boolean` || find the elem holding `key(x)`, if `when(x)`, then update elem by `how(x)`, return false iff no elem hoding `key(x)` ||

### `QuickFind`
When we construct a quick find, we pass `n` as the capacity of the quick find. We index the elements in quick find from `0` to `n-1` (inclusive).

|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `connected(p, q): boolean` || returns true iff `p` is connected with `q` ||
|| `count(): number` || gets the number of components which are not connected with each other ||
|| `union(p, q): number` || unions `p` with `q`, and returns the count after union ||

Different algorithms of quick find bring us different growth of the cost, see below:
|| *Type* || *`connected(p, q)`* || *`union(p, q)`* ||
|| `T.QuickFind(N)` || `O(1)` || `O(N)` ||
|| `T.WeightedQuickFind(N)` || `O(lg N)` || `O(lg N)` ||

<a name="bst" />
### `BinarySearchTree`
We can indicate the comparasion rule by constructor parameter which will be used for greater left instead of smaller left by default.

For `search`, `insert`, `delete` operations which travel the tree, we provide you two versions, one is iterative operation, the other is recursive one whose function name is initialized with a `r`. Always choose iterative operations as a recommandation.

And, here is definition for some properties of tree, according to [http://www.wikipedia.org Wikipedia]:

The height of a node is the length of the longest downward path to a leaf from that node. 

The depth of a node is the length of the path to its root (i.e., its root path). The root node has depth zero, leaf nodes have height zero.

The height of the root is the height of the tree. An empty tree (tree with no nodes, if such are allowed) has depth and height `−1`.

|| *Recursive Call* || *Iterative Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `rSearch(elem): node` || `search(elem): node` || searches elem in this tree, returns node which contains elem, or null if not exsits ||
|| `rInsert(elem): void` || `insert(elem): void` || inserts elem under `BST` order, no duplication ||
|| `rForEach(TRAVERSAL = T.TRAVERSAL.IN_ORDER, fn): void` || `forEach(TRAVERSAL, fn): void` || travel this `BST` tree with specific `T.TRAVERSAL` order ||
|| `rMap(TRAVERSAL = T.TRAVERSAL.IN_ORDER, fn: x => any): [any]` || `map(TRAVERSAL, fn): [any]` || maps each element of this `BST` tree into an array with specific `T.TRAVERSAL` order ||

### `Graph`
Representation of unweighted graph, and it is undirected graph by default.

To build a graph, we must pass `n` as number of vertex. `n`, the number of vertex, is readonly after built graph.

However, when we call `v()` or `e()` as below, the number we get is the valid number of vertex or edges, which has not been visited or marked.

|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `n: number` || gets the actual number of vertex, whether it is visited, marked or not ||
|| `v(): number`|| gets the number of vertex, which has not been visited ||
|| `e(): number`|| gets the number of edges, which has not been marked invalid, and the sourcing vertex has not been visited ||
|| `clone(): Graph` || gets a new cloned graph from this graph itself ||
|| `toString(verbose: bool = false)` || gets the information of this graph, containing only number of v and e by default ||

### `GraphW`
The members in weighted graph is same as the graph, except some differences between the adjancency list representation:

|| *Type* || *Element in Adjancency List* ||
|| `T.Graph` || `[v, [u1, u2, u3, ...]]` ||
|| `T.Graph` || `[v, [[u1, w1], [u2, w2], [u3, w3], ...]]` ||

Commit message:

add Back to top for long page

APIType.md, after:

<a name="t" />
# T.*
All types of structures are defined in __window.T__.

We pass some funtion as parameter sometimes, such as `.map(fn), .forEach(fn), .sort(compare)`... The default `fn` for `.map(fn)` is `x => x`, while the default for comparasion is `(x, y) => x - y`.

## Constructors
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `new T.LinkedList()` || constructs a new linked list ||
|| `new T.Stack()` || constructs a new stack ||
|| `new T.Queue()` || constructs a new queue ||
|| `new T.MaxHeap(): heap` || gets a new max heap. ||
|| `new T.MinHeap(compare): heap` || gets a new min heap. see [APISorting Sorting docs] for `compare` which is used in Dijkstra algorithm ||
|| `new T.QuickFind(n: number): unionfind` || gets a union find by QuickFind algorithm ||
|| `new T.WeightedQuickUnion(n: number): unionfind` || gets a union find by Weighted QuickFind algorithm ||
|| `new T.BinarySearchTree(compare)` || gets a binary search tree with the specific comparasion rule ||
|| `new T.Graph(n: number, directed: bool = false)` || gets a unweighted graph with n vertex, which is undirected by default ||
|| `new T.GraphW(n: number, directed: bool = false)` || gets a weighted graph with n vertex, which is undirected by default ||

[Back to top](#t)

## Members
### `LinkedList`
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `size(): number` || the size of the list ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || true when list is empty, otherwise false ||
|| `insert(any, i): void` || insert elem after ith element, basing 0, if i >= length, insert elem at the end of list ||
|| `push(any): void` || insert elem at the end of list ||
|| `reverse(): void` || reverse the lst itself ||
|| `remove(any): void` || remove the first node with elem, if no such node, wo do nothing ||
|| `forEach(x => void): void` || apply the function to each element in 0..n-1 order ||
|| `map(x => any): [any]` ||  get a new array mapped from `x => any` in 0..n-1 order ||
|| `toArray(): []` || get a new array containing each element of list in 0..n-1 order ||

[Back to top](#t)

### Stack
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `size(): number` || the size of the list ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || true when list is empty, otherwise false ||
|| `push(any): void` || push item into stack ||
|| `peek(): any` || get the last item from stack, error when empty ||
|| `pop(): any` || get the last item and remove it, error when empty ||
|| `forEach(x => void): void` || apply the function to each element in LIFO order ||
|| `map(x => any): [any]` ||  get a new array mapped from `x => any` in LIFO order ||
|| `toArray(): []` || get a new array containing each element of stack in LIFO order ||

[Back to top](#t)

### `Queue`
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `size(): number` || the size of the list ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || true when list is empty, otherwise false ||
|| `enqueue(any): void` || add item into queue ||
|| `peek(): any` || get the first added item from queue, error when empty ||
|| `dequeue(): any` || get the first added item and remove it, error when empty ||
|| `forEach(x => void): void` || apply the function to each element in FIFO order ||
|| `map(x => any): [any]` ||  get a new array mapped from `x => any` in FIFO order ||
|| `toArray(): []` || get a new array containing each element of queue in FIFO order ||

[Back to top](#t)

### `Heap`
Usage of `Sorting.MinHeap` is same as `Sorting.MaxHeap`, except the constructor. Notice, there is a pseudo element at `heap[0]` which we might not use.

The reason we do not implement public `forEach`, `map` or `toArray` is that any of these function will destroy the heap.

|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `isEmpty(): boolean` || returns true if there is no real element in heap ||
|| `size(): number` || gets the number of elements in heap ||
|| `push(any): number` || inserts a element into the heap, and gets length of the new heap ||
|| `pop(): any` || gets the max / min element from heap, and remove it, keeping heap sorted ||

[Back to top](#t)

### `MinHeap`
|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `update(key: x=>boolean, when: x=>boolean, how: x=>void): boolean` || find the elem holding `key(x)`, if `when(x)`, then update elem by `how(x)`, return false iff no elem hoding `key(x)` ||

[Back to top](#t)

### `QuickFind`
When we construct a quick find, we pass `n` as the capacity of the quick find. We index the elements in quick find from `0` to `n-1` (inclusive).

|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `connected(p, q): boolean` || returns true iff `p` is connected with `q` ||
|| `count(): number` || gets the number of components which are not connected with each other ||
|| `union(p, q): number` || unions `p` with `q`, and returns the count after union ||

Different algorithms of quick find bring us different growth of the cost, see below:
|| *Type* || *`connected(p, q)`* || *`union(p, q)`* ||
|| `T.QuickFind(N)` || `O(1)` || `O(N)` ||
|| `T.WeightedQuickFind(N)` || `O(lg N)` || `O(lg N)` ||

[Back to top](#t)

<a name="bst" />
### `BinarySearchTree`
We can indicate the comparasion rule by constructor parameter which will be used for greater left instead of smaller left by default.

For `search`, `insert`, `delete` operations which travel the tree, we provide you two versions, one is iterative operation, the other is recursive one whose function name is initialized with a `r`. Always choose iterative operations as a recommandation.

And, here is definition for some properties of tree, according to [Wikipedia](http://www.wikipedia.org):

> The height of a node is the length of the longest downward path to a leaf from that node. 
> 
> The depth of a node is the length of the path to its root (i.e., its root path). The root node has depth zero, leaf nodes have height zero.
> 
> The height of the root is the height of the tree. An empty tree (tree with no nodes, if such are allowed) has depth and height `−1`.

|| *Recursive Call* || *Iterative Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `rSearch(elem): node` || `search(elem): node` || searches elem in this tree, returns node which contains elem, or null if not exsits ||
|| `rInsert(elem): void` || `insert(elem): void` || inserts elem under `BST` order, no duplication ||
|| `rForEach(TRAVERSAL = T.TRAVERSAL.IN_ORDER, fn): void` || `forEach(TRAVERSAL, fn): void` || travel this `BST` tree with specific `T.TRAVERSAL` order ||
|| `rMap(TRAVERSAL = T.TRAVERSAL.IN_ORDER, fn: x => any): [any]` || `map(TRAVERSAL, fn): [any]` || maps each element of this `BST` tree into an array with specific `T.TRAVERSAL` order ||

[Back to top](#t)

### `Graph`
Representation of unweighted graph, and it is undirected graph by default.

To build a graph, we must pass `n` as number of vertex. `n`, the number of vertex, is readonly after built graph.

However, when we call `v()` or `e()` as below, the number we get is the valid number of vertex or edges, which has not been visited or marked.

|| *Call* || *Meaning* ||
|| `n: number` || gets the actual number of vertex, whether it is visited, marked or not ||
|| `v(): number`|| gets the number of vertex, which has not been visited ||
|| `e(): number`|| gets the number of edges, which has not been marked invalid, and the sourcing vertex has not been visited ||
|| `clone(): Graph` || gets a new cloned graph from this graph itself ||
|| `toString(verbose: bool = false)` || gets the information of this graph, containing only number of v and e by default ||

[Back to top](#t)

### `GraphW`
The members in weighted graph is same as the graph, except some differences between the adjancency list representation:

|| *Type* || *Element in Adjancency List* ||
|| `T.Graph` || `[v, [u1, u2, u3, ...]]` ||
|| `T.Graph` || `[v, [[u1, w1], [u2, w2], [u3, w3], ...]]` ||

[Back to top](#t)
