Home.md, before:

# Readme for Algo.js

This is a project containing implementation of some algorithms in `JavaScript`.

As a Csharper (`C#`), I try to introduce the `OOP` of `C#` into this project. Recently, I am learning functional programming like `Scala`, so that I also try to introduce the functional conception. So we will see `.map()`, `.forEach()`, etc.

This project is not the best implementation, but I am taking it easier to use.

## File Structure
The implementation of one Class may be separated into different files, with the same initial file name, for instance `sorting.js`, `sorting.quickSort.js` and `sorting.mergeSort.js`. These three files implement the class named `Sorting`. In `sorting.quickSort.js`, there is a comment saying that `// using sorting.js`, which means the `sorting.quickSort.js` is dependent on `sorting.js`. However, we have to add following lines into `index.html` manually:
<pre><code>script src="sorting.js"
script src="sorting.quickSort.js"</code></pre>

I will try to make this (using namespace, or import package) dynamicly one day, like `require()` in [Node.js] [1] or [RequireJS] [2]. Or maybe someday I will merge them into one file.

## Initial Filename and Its Meaning

 Filename | Meaning
:-----|:-------
 `t.*.js` | Encapsulation of the structure type, like `LinkedList`, `Stack`, etc 
 `x.*.js` | Extensions of the current object, like `x.array.js` 
 `sorting.*.js` | Implementation of sorting algorithm 

## Filename and So-called Namespace
`sorting.js`
`sorting.quickSort.js`, `sorting.mergeSort.js`

Our files are named like `sorting.quickSort.js` instead of `sorting.quick_sort.js`, `Sorting.QuickSort.js`. 

Usually, if we have `basic.js`, `basic.extendOne.js` and `basic.extendTwo.js`, that means `basic.js` is the basic file of other two files, these two files are dependent on `basic.js`. Meanwhile, `basic.extendOne.js` and `basic.extendTwo.js` are two branches of the extension.

## Private and Public Member
All members of class named by lowercase, and we have two types of private member: `member` and `__member__`.

`member` is a private member which we can only access it inside the function closure. 

While, `__member__` is a so-called private member, which we can access it as a public one actually, and please DO NOT call it directly.

We should place all private members under `// ***** private members *****` 

We have one type of public member: `member` by lowercase withoud any underscore.

For instance, there are two files: `f1.js` and `f2.js`
<pre></code>// f1.js
(function(X, undefined){
    function _func1(){};

    X.__func2__ = function(){};

    X.func3 = function(){};
}(window.X = window.X || {}));</code></pre>

<pre></code>// f2.js
(function(X, undefined){
    function func1(){};

    X.func3 = function(){
        // call X.__func2__
    };
}(window.X = window.X || {}));

// X.func1() is not accessible outside.</code></pre>

This coding way is inspired by _The constructor pattern defines instance properties, whereas the prototype pattern defines methods and shared properties._ (see ref book [[js00 | Home#references]] page 197)

## Instance and Static
All classes named by Capital letter initilized, no matter public or nested private.

We have Point objects constructed by `new Math.Point()`, we also have static class Point, which we access its static member by `Math.Point.member()`.

__DO NOT__ forget using 'new' to construct the object.

## Variable Name
Here are some name specification:

 Variable name | Meaning
:-----|:-------
`$pt` | the short for prototype, like `$arr = Array.prototype` 
 `_` | the short for 'this' in function, like `function(){var _ = this;};` 
 `*`compare | a function which returns negative, 0 and positive number for comparison, it is `(x, y) => x - y` by default

## lower and Upper
Only when we get to the function level, we use lowercase, otherwise, we describe the Object by Uppercase.

## Error Message
All error messages should not include any symbol windows.

## Unit Test
Unit test runs under [QUnit] [3].
To see the result of unit test for Algo.js, just run `qunit.html` in your web browser.

## Code Coverage
Code coverage runs under [Blanket.js] [4].
To see the result of code coverage for unit test, just run `qunit.html` in your web browser, and check _Enable coverage_.

## References
Code | ISBN | Details
:----|:----:|:-------
js00 | 978-1-118-22219-5 | professional javascript for web developers, 3rd, nicholas c. zakas, wrox

[1]: http://nodejs.org  "Node.js"
[2]: http://requirejs.org   "require.js"
[3]: http://qunitjs.com "QUnit.js"
[4]: http://blanketjs.org "Blanket.js"

Commit message:

update Home and Sidebar
move Home out from Sidebar
update anchor link in sidebar

Home.md, after:

# Overview of Algo.js

> You can skip this overview by clicking the __API__ sidebar right.

This overview describes how I organize the files, and how to name the variables. Here is table of content.

[File Structure](#file)
[Initial Filename and Its Meaning](#initial)
[Filename and So-called Namespace](#namespace)
[Private and Public Member](#member)
[Instance and Static](#static)
[Variable Name](#var)
[lower and Upper](#lower)
[Error Message](#error)
[Unit Test](#ut)
[Code Coverage](#coverage)
[References](#ref)


<a name="file" />
## File Structure
The implementation of one Class may be separated into different files, with the same initial file name, for instance `sorting.js`, `sorting.quickSort.js` and `sorting.mergeSort.js`. These three files implement the class named `Sorting`. In `sorting.quickSort.js`, there is a comment saying that `// using sorting.js`, which means the `sorting.quickSort.js` is dependent on `sorting.js`. However, we have to add following lines into `index.html` manually:
<pre><code>script src="sorting.js"
script src="sorting.quickSort.js"</code></pre>

I will try to make this (using namespace, or import package) dynamicly one day, like `require()` in [Node.js] [1] or [RequireJS] [2]. Or maybe someday I will merge them into one file.

<a name="initial" />
## Initial Filename and Its Meaning

 Filename | Meaning
:-----|:-------
 `t.*.js` | Encapsulation of the structure type, like `LinkedList`, `Stack`, etc 
 `x.*.js` | Extensions of the current object, like `x.array.js` 
 `sorting.*.js` | Implementation of sorting algorithm 

<a name="namespace" />
## Filename and So-called Namespace
`sorting.js`
`sorting.quickSort.js`, `sorting.mergeSort.js`

Our files are named like `sorting.quickSort.js` instead of `sorting.quick_sort.js`, `Sorting.QuickSort.js`. 

Usually, if we have `basic.js`, `basic.extendOne.js` and `basic.extendTwo.js`, that means `basic.js` is the basic file of other two files, these two files are dependent on `basic.js`. Meanwhile, `basic.extendOne.js` and `basic.extendTwo.js` are two branches of the extension.

## Private and Public Member
All members of class named by lowercase, and we have two types of private member: `member` and `__member__`.

`member` is a private member which we can only access it inside the function closure. 

While, `__member__` is a so-called private member, which we can access it as a public one actually, and please DO NOT call it directly.

We should place all private members under `// ***** private members *****` 

We have one type of public member: `member` by lowercase withoud any underscore.

For instance, there are two files: `f1.js` and `f2.js`
<pre></code>// f1.js
(function(X, undefined){
    function _func1(){};

    X.__func2__ = function(){};

    X.func3 = function(){};
}(window.X = window.X || {}));</code></pre>

<pre></code>// f2.js
(function(X, undefined){
    function func1(){};

    X.func3 = function(){
        // call X.__func2__
    };
}(window.X = window.X || {}));

// X.func1() is not accessible outside.</code></pre>

This coding way is inspired by _The constructor pattern defines instance properties, whereas the prototype pattern defines methods and shared properties._ (see ref book [__js00__](#ref) page 197)

<a name="static" />
## Instance and Static
All classes named by Capital letter initilized, no matter public or nested private.

We have Point objects constructed by `new Math.Point()`, we also have static class Point, which we access its static member by `Math.Point.member()`.

__DO NOT__ forget using 'new' to construct the object.

<a name="var" />
## Variable Name
Here are some name specification:

 Variable name | Meaning
:-----|:-------
`$pt` | the short for prototype, like `$arr = Array.prototype` 
 `_` | the short for 'this' in function, like `function(){var _ = this;};` 
 `*`compare | a function which returns negative, 0 and positive number for comparison, it is `(x, y) => x - y` by default

<a name="lower" />
## lower and Upper
Only when we get to the function level, we use lowercase, otherwise, we describe the Object by Uppercase.

<a name="error" />
## Error Message
'All error messages should not end by any symbol'
So that, we can `join` a error list, and end a dot by ourselves.

<a name="ut" />
## Unit Test
Unit test runs under [QUnit] [3].
To see the result of unit test for Algo.js, just run `qunit.html` in your web browser.

<a name="coverage" />
## Code Coverage
Code coverage runs under [Blanket.js] [4].
To see the result of code coverage for unit test, just run `qunit.html` in your web browser, and check _Enable coverage_.

<a name="ref" />
## References
Code | ISBN | Details
:----|:----:|:-------
js00 | 978-1-118-22219-5 | professional javascript for web developers, 3rd, nicholas c. zakas, wrox

[1]: http://nodejs.org  "Node.js"
[2]: http://requirejs.org   "require.js"
[3]: http://qunitjs.com "QUnit.js"
[4]: http://blanketjs.org "Blanket.js"
