docs/en/README.md, before:

# The API Documents for algo-x


## Overview

`meta` | Data
:----|:-------
Last updated | Aug, 2016
Version | $$3.1$$
`LaTeX` engine | [`KaTeX`] [4]
drone.io | [![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/scozv/tango/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/scozv/tango/latest)
david-dm | [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/scozv/tango/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/scozv/tango#info=devDependencies)


An initial PDF document writed in `LaTeX` has been released on
[Releases](https://github.com/scozv/tango/releases) page.

Read more about the progress of projects from [`README.md`] [3].
This wiki page only lists the API of projects algo-x:

*  [`algo-js`](https://github.com/scozv/algo-js): Implementation of some algorithms using `JavaScript`
*  [`algo-scala`](https://github.com/scozv/algo-scala) (__Suspended__): Implementation of some algorithms using `Scala`
*  ...


## Namespace


Namespace Level | Description
:-------|:------
`tango._` | Root namespace
`tango.type._` | Definition of data structures, can be constructed by factory pattern
`tango.math._` | `Math` extensions
`tango.linear._` | Linear algorithm or `Array` extensions
`tango.sorting._` | Sorting algorithm
`tango.graph._` | Graph algorithm


[1]: https://github.com/scozv/tango	"Algo-js"
[2]: https://github.com/scozv/algo-scala	"Algo-scala"
[3]: https://github.com/scozv/algo-js/blob/master/README.md "README.md"
[4]: https://khan.github.io/KaTeX/ "KaTeX"

Commit message:

update the Tango in README

docs/en/README.md, after:

# The API Documents for `Tango`


## Overview

`meta` | Data
:----|:-------
Last updated | Aug, 2016
Version | $$3.1$$
`LaTeX` engine | [`KaTeX`] [4]
drone.io | [![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/scozv/tango/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/scozv/tango/latest)

An initial PDF document writed in `LaTeX` has been released on
[Releases](https://github.com/scozv/algo-wiki/releases) page.

Read more about the progress of projects from [`README.md`] [3].
This wiki page only lists the API of projects `Tango`:

*  [`Tango.js`](https://github.com/scozv/tango/tree/master/lang/es6): Implementation of some algorithms using `ECMAScript 6`
*  `Tango.scala` (__Suspended__): Implementation of some algorithms using `Scala`
*  `Tango.go`(__Planning__): Implementation of some algorithms using `Golang`
*  ...


## Namespace


Namespace Level | Description
:-------|:------
`tango._` | Root namespace
`tango.type._` | Definition of data structures, can be constructed by factory pattern
`tango.math._` | `Math` extensions
`tango.linear._` | Linear algorithm or `Array` extensions
`tango.sorting._` | Sorting algorithm
`tango.graph._` | Graph algorithm


[1]: https://github.com/scozv/tango	"Algo-js"
[2]: https://github.com/scozv/algo-scala	"Algo-scala"
[3]: https://github.com/scozv/tango/blob/master/lang/es6/README.md "README.md"
[4]: https://khan.github.io/KaTeX/ "KaTeX"
